Soft-drawn copper is also called what?
A. Hard-drawn
B. Annealed
C. Type L
D. Brazed
Which characteristic distinguishes ACR tubing from Type M plumbing pipe?
A. It is measured by Inside Diameter (ID)
B. It is filled with nitrogen during manufacture
C. It is marked with the color red
D. It is only available in 10-foot lengths
Which grade of copper tube is marked with the color "red"?
A. Type K
B. Type L
C. Type M
D. ACR
Why must hard-drawn copper pipe be annealed?
A. To increase its wall thickness
B. Before flaring, swaging, or bending
C. To meet the 842°F minimum melting code
D. To remove burrs after cutting
What percentage of silver does the BcuP-5 series filler material contain?
A. 5%
B. 15%
C. 30%
D. 45%
Which is not a reason for deburring tubing after it has been cut?
A. To prevent future internal leak paths
B. To achieve uniform flaring and swaging
C. To avoid burrs breaking off and damaging a compressor
D. To prevent pressure drop
Which type of copper tube generally has the thickest wall?
A. Type M
B. Type L
C. Type K
D. Type DWV
A common device used to swage tubing consists of a what and a what?
A. Flaring yoke and block
B. Block and punch
C. Roller and yoke
D. Pliers and gauge
As a general rule, the length of overlap for a swaged joint should equal what?
A. Half the diameter of the pipe
B. The diameter of the pipe
C. 1/4 inch
D. 1/2 inch
The main difference between a flaring tool used for steel tubing and one used for ACR tubing is the required angle. What is the standard flare angle for ACR tubing?
A. 30°
B. 37°
C. 45°
D. 60°
When compressed between two machined brass flare surfaces, the copper of the flared tubing acts as a what?
A. Lubricant
B. Gasket
C. Filler
D. Sealant
Which is not a visible error that would compromise the integrity of a flare connection?
A. Too large
B. Too small
C. Cracks in the flare
D. The copper acts as a gasket
What is the exact specification used to differentiate soldering from brazing?
A. Whether flux is used
B. The melting point of the base metal
C. Whether the filler material melts above or below 800°F
D. The material being joined (copper vs. steel)
Both soldering and brazing rely on what mechanism to draw the molten filler material into the joint?
A. Gravity
B. Capillary Action
C. Surface Tension
D. Convection
Why is the statement "flux is used to clean the fittings to be joined" incorrect?
A. Flux is only used for brazing, not soldering
B. Flux acts as a lubricant for the filler rod
C. The technician must clean the pipe before applying flux and heat
D. Flux lowers the melting point of the filler material
Which type of brazing material is recommended when joining two dissimilar metals like brass and copper?
A. Phosphorous-copper alloy (BCuP)
B. Tin-Antimony solder (95/5)
C. Silver Brazing Alloy (BAg Series)
D. Zinc-based alloy
What is the standard angle of the flare joint used for Propane Gas or Natural Gas applications?
A. 30°
B. 37°
C. 45°
D. 60°
What is the primary reason for applying refrigerant oil to the flare cone before making a flare?
A. To increase the seal strength of the connection
B. To cool the copper quickly after flaring
C. To reduce friction and heat generated during the flaring operation
D. To help prevent oxidation of the copper
What is a consequence of tightening a tubing cutter too fast while cutting?
A. The pipe will be annealed
B. The cut will be perfectly square
C. Deformation of the tubing and an uneven cut
D. The burr will be pushed to the outside of the pipe
Why is bending copper tubing often preferred over using fittings for piping circuits in HVACR systems?
A. Bending increases the rigidity of the pipe
B. Bending allows for greater system capacity
C. Minimizing the number of fittings significantly reduces the risk of leaks
D. Bending is faster than joining fittings
What type of copper tubing is typically bent using a tubing bender?
A. Hard drawn only
B. Type K only
C. Soft drawn or annealed tubing
D. 37° flaring tubing
When a flare connection leaks due to a bad flare, what is the recommended repair procedure?
A. Apply pipe sealant to the threads
B. Tighten the flare nut an additional quarter turn
C. Cut the flare off and redo the flaring process
D. Heat the flare connection with a torch