Which term, under the Occupational Health and Safety Act, means a person who is qualified due to knowledge, training, and experience to organize the work and is familiar with the relevant Act and regulations? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 4)
Supervisor
Constructor
Competent person
Worker
According to the Occupational Health and Safety Act, what is the mandatory action when a person is killed or critically injured at a workplace? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 10)
The employer must send a written report within seventy-two hours.
The constructor and employer shall notify an inspector and the committee immediately by telephone or other direct means.
The constructor must ensure all work stops immediately for forty-eight hours.
The owner must notify the Ministry of Labour within twenty-four hours.
Under the preservation of wreckage notice, which of the following is not an exception that permits interference with the scene of a critical injury or death? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 11)
Saving life or relieving human suffering.
Investigating the cause of the occurrence for an internal report.
Maintaining an essential public utility service.
Preventing unnecessary damage to equipment or other property.
If an accident causes a person to be disabled from performing their usual work or require medical attention, but no person is killed or critically injured, within how many days must the employer give written notice? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 12)
Immediately
Two days
Three days
Four days
Who is defined as "a person who undertakes a project for an owner and includes an owner who undertakes all or part of a project by himself or by more than one employer"? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 15)
Owner
Employer
Constructor
Supervisor
A constructor's duty is to ensure that on a project undertaken by them, every employer and worker complies with the Act and regulations, the prescribed measures and procedures are carried out, and what third duty is required? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 18)
Provide all safety training and protective devices.
Prepare and annually review a written occupational health and safety policy.
Ensure the health and safety of workers on the project is protected.
Appoint only qualified persons as supervisors.
Which of the following is an additional duty required of an employer? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 20)
Take every precaution reasonable in the circumstances for the protection of a worker.
Ensure a worker works in the prescribed manner and uses required protective devices.
Not knowingly permit a person under the prescribed age to be in or about a workplace.
Both A and C.
A supervisor has an additional duty to advise a worker of the existence of what specific conditions? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 22)
The proper procedure for refusing unsafe work.
Any potential or actual danger to the health or safety of the worker of which the supervisor is aware.
The contents of the written occupational health and safety policy.
The process for filing a claim with the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board.
Which of the following is a duty that a worker shall not perform? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 24)
Report to his or her employer any contravention of the Act or regulations.
Engage in any prank, contest, feat of strength, unnecessary running or rough and boisterous conduct.
Use or wear the equipment or protective devices required by the employer.
Report the absence of or defect in any equipment or protective device.
A joint health and safety committee is required at a workplace when how many workers are regularly employed? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 25)
More than five, but less than twenty.
Twenty or more.
Fifteen or more.
More than five.
Where a worker refuses to work because he or she has reason to believe it is unsafe, who shall the worker promptly report the circumstances of the refusal to? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 30)
The joint health and safety committee.
The Ministry of Labour.
The worker's employer or supervisor.
The trade union representative.
While the investigation into a work refusal is completed, where must the worker remain? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 31)
At home until contacted by the inspector.
Available for the employer but is allowed to leave the premises.
In a safe place that is as near as reasonably possible to his or her work station and available for the investigation.
Off the clock until the inspector grants permission to return to work.
Every person who contravenes or fails to comply with a provision of the Act or an order of an inspector is guilty of an offence and is liable to a fine of not more than what amount? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 40)
$5,000
$10,000
$20,000
$25,000
What is the maximum fine that may be imposed upon a corporation convicted of an offence under the Occupational Health and Safety Act? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 40)
$25,000
$100,000
$250,000
$500,000
What does the Green triangle marking on protective footwear indicate? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 45)
Electric shock resistance.
Sole puncture protection and Grade 2 protective toe.
Grade 1 protective toe only (no protective plate).
Sole puncture protection with a Grade 1 protective toe.
The shell of protective headwear (safety hat) must be able to withstand a dielectric strength test at what voltage phase to ground? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 47)
1,000 volts
10,000 volts
15,000 volts
20,000 volts
Fall protection sections 26.1 to 26.9 apply where a worker is exposed to a hazard of falling more than what distance? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 54)
1.2 metres
1.8 metres
2.4 metres
3 metres
If it is not reasonably possible to install a guardrail system, a worker must be adequately protected by at least one of four methods of fall protection. Which of the following is not one of those listed methods? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 55)
Travel restraint system
Fall arrest system
Positioning system
Safety net
Before any use of a fall arrest system or a safety net by a worker at a project, what must the worker's employer develop? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 56)
A written log of all prior fall incidents.
Written procedures for inspecting the system after installation.
Written procedures for rescuing the worker after his or her fall has been arrested.
A detailed schematic of the anchor system approved by a professional engineer.
A fall arrest system must consist of a full body harness with adequate attachment points and what other component? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 57)
A positioning lanyard.
A chest harness.
A lanyard equipped with a shock absorber or similar device.
A safety belt.
If a worker falls while using a fall arrest system, what immediate action is required for the system? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 58)
It must be immediately inspected by a competent worker.
It must be immediately disposed of and replaced with a new system.
It must be immediately removed from service and not used again unless all components have been certified by the manufacturer as being safe for re-use.
It must be tagged and stored until the cause of the fall is determined.
For safe working conditions on a project, waste material and debris must be removed to a disposal area at least once daily and also whenever necessary to prevent what? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 61)
Worker inconvenience.
A hazardous condition arising.
Accumulation of flammable liquids.
Unnecessary project delays.
Under Regulation 1101, what must a first aid station display on its notice board in addition to the valid first aid certificates and an inspection card? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 63)
A list of all injured workers.
The nearest hospital address.
The WSIB's poster known as Form 82.
A floor plan of the workplace.
An employer employing more than five and not more than fifteen workers in any one shift must ensure the first aid station is in charge of a worker holding what certificate or its equivalent? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 71)
St. John Ambulance Emergency First Aid Certificate.
St. John Ambulance Standard First Aid Certificate.
St. John Ambulance Advanced First Aid Certificate.
WSIB First Aid Attendant Certification.
An employer employing not more than five workers in any one shift must provide a first aid station in charge of a worker holding what certificate or its equivalent? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 69)
St. John Ambulance Standard First Aid Certificate.
WSIB Basic First Aid Certification.
St. John Ambulance Emergency First Aid Certificate.
Red Cross Standard First Aid Certificate.
For construction sites, where must a first aid station be maintained if there is a time office for the project? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 74)
In a vehicle at the site.
In a designated on-site building.
In the time office for the project.
In the employer's home office.
According to storage rules for a project, no material shall be stored, stacked, or piled within what distance of an opening in a floor or roof, the open edge of a floor, roof or balcony, or an excavation? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 85)
1.0 metres
1.5 metres
1.8 metres
2.0 metres
What is the required storage position for a storage cylinder for compressed gas? (Week1-pp_HRAC-111 - Tagged.pdf, Page 86)
In a secured horizontal position.
In an unsecured vertical position.
Secured in an upright position.
Stored inside a separate building.
To work safely around rotating machinery, what should a technician avoid wearing? (Week1-Unit 04 - Tagged.pdf, Page 15)
Insulated boots.
Eye protection.
Loose fitting clothing and jewelry.
Fall arrest harness.
Which of the following is cited as the safest lifting technique? (Week1-Unit 04 - Tagged.pdf, Page 17)
Lift with your back, keeping your legs straight.
Twist your body when holding heavy objects.
Get help from others when the object is heavy.
Quickly jerk the object up to minimize time spent lifting.